# Git Practice
## Article: [The state of AI ethics: The principles, the tools, the regulations](https://venturebeat.com/2022/02/03/the-state-of-ai-ethics-the-principles-the-tools-the-regulations/)

The article above is a review of the [State of AI Ethics Report](https://montrealethics.ai/state) by the Montreal AI Ethics Institute (MAIEI), which aims to "democratize AI ethics literacy." With the development of artificial intelligence (AI) technologies, many ethical dilemmas arise involving privacy regulations, safety, inclusivity, and accountability. Among corporate and academic instutions, one of the main problems with AI ethics is the lack of a core set of principles. However, MAIEI poses that instead of looking to abstract concepts, developers should use AI ethics tools in to guide then software development process in a measurable way. These tools include impact assessment tools, technical and design tools, and auditing tools.

Privacy is a key issue that AI ethics tools can be used to regulate. Because AI software is usually exposed to so much data, organizations, instutitions, and even the layperson are more likely to have their sensitive information used against them. To solve this problem, MAIEI suggests using "regulation to define concrete measures organizations need to comply with." To insure such regulations are invested in the common good, public consulations should be organized when policy makers propose AI legislation. However, as lawmakers in different countries promote different regulative measures, others issues are presented: centralization, regulation influences by Eurocentric views on privacy, and an uneven distribution of resources. One way to solve this, the MAIEI posits, is to include open-source compliance tools with each countries set of regulations. By doing so, ensuring the regulation of ethical AI technologies could be further democratized.